Chamlide Chamber Design
Benjamin Goodnow, February 2016

Enclosed:
Full report on the Custom Chamlide project (includes specific sources for materials)

Solidworks and STL CAD Files for 3D printing
	-18mm:Square, Circular, Multi. 22mm square. 1st prototype

Dxf files for Lasing Cutting silicone rubber gaskets
	-18mm Square, Circular, Multi, 22mm square

CAD Files for Other Projects (I.e. 3rd Arm and Laser Trigger Enclosure)

PRINTING
1.Using UP Plus 2 and UP Mini Printers. Heated platform+raft or enclosure support crucial in minimising warping. Use 1.75mm UP Premium ABS filament 
2.0.15mm layer height recommended for base, 0.2mm for main/top. 0.25-0.3mm should work
3.Up Software settings: "Fine" (slow-medium) speed for main body, "fast" (20mm^3/s+) for bottom
4.Print base with no support (so facing upwards), print main with support, top downwards, as a cut was made intended for a glass cover
5. Allow some time to coolbefore removing from platform (minimise warp)
6. Remove supports and sand/file any noticeable faults/imperfections
Complete
*Note to be careful priting multiple parts at once on the same printer. This effectivley halves your print speed, and so increases chances of warping. 
*Conversley this can be used to increases the "Fineness" of the print if required

CUTTING
1. Simply upload dxf file to laser cut program, align in cornerand set settings to 1mm thick rubber
2. Place silicone sheet in cutter. Make sure to align well and check focus
3. Run cut
4. Remove ash and surrounding silicone
Complete

ASSEMBLY
1. Need 8 disk 3x1mm rare earth magnets, 4 each half
2. First add small amount (very little needed) superglue to each magnet hole, then carefully place each magnet into each hole
***BE CAREFUL TO ENSURE POLARITY IS CORRECT***
3. Do so for both halves, making sure magnets are attracted to eachother
4. Allow glue to dry before connecting two halves
5. Sand any excess glue that has hardened over the tops of magnets
6. Place coverslip in baseplate with forceps
7. Place gasket in main/top half, stretching at corners (if needed) to fit tightly in extruded ring
8. Lower main onto Base, magnets will attract. Push together with fingers after to ensure attraction and gasket compression  
9. Add observation medium
Complete


CREATING VARIATION DESIGNS (I.E for 25mm coverslips)
-Simply edit Solidworks files as required, either by using the scale tool or by adjusting individual dimensions (Edit Sketch). 
-Gasket widths made need to be larger if outer radius increased, as will the very thin support for coverslip in base plate. 
-Body outer radius will have to be increased if through hole becomes too close to magnets 